Adding MFA troubleshooting section (#7579)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/before/before-workspace-ssh.md

{% include cloud/enable-ssh.md %}

## Unable to access projects without MFA

If you authenticate to a project with MFA enabled, you might receive the following error when connecting to other projects that do not require MFA:

   ```bash
   ssh abcdef7uyxabce-master-7rqtabc--mymagento@ssh.us-3.magento.cloud
   abcdef7uyxabce-master-7rqtabc--mymagento@ssh.us-3.magento.cloud: Permission denied (publickey).
   ```

During the SSH certificate generation, the Magento Cloud CLI adds an additional SSH key to your local environment. The key will be used by default if the SSH key for project access is not included in your local SSH configuration.

{:.procedure}
To add your SSH key to the local configuration:

1. Create the `config` file if it does not exists.

    ```bash
    touch ~/.ssh/config
    ```

1. Add an `IdentityFile` configuration.

    ```yaml
   Host *

>      IdentityFile /Users/<user-name>/.ssh/id_rsa

Reviewer: I would recommend changing it to a relative path since the absolute path will be different for Linux systems (/home/<user-name>/.ssh/id_rsa)

```suggestion
     IdentityFile ~/.ssh/id_rsa
```

    ```

   {:.bs-callout-info}
   You can specify multiple SSH keys by adding multiple `IdentityFile` entries to your configuration.

> 1. Close your terminal session. The configuration will be used for all sessions going forward.

Reviewer: You don't necessarily need to close your terminal session. The seamless way is to apply the config for the current session is the following

```bash
source ~/.ssh/config
```
after you've edited this file

> 1. Close your terminal session. The configuration will be used for all sessions going forward.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Reload your SSH configuration to apply the changes.

    ```bash
    source ~/.ssh/config
    ```
